Samsung SDS is dedicated to the sustainable growth of various stakeholders by embedding ESG values in the company's business and management activities.

## **Greetings! I am Sungwoo Hwang, President and CEO of Samsung SDS.**

It is a great pleasure to extend my warmest appreciation for your continuous affection and encouragement toward Samsung SDS as we present you with the 5th Samsung SDS Sustainability Report. Samsung SDS has made endeavors to transform its fundamental business model by focusing on the cloud and digital logistics businesses during the past three years. As a result, our cloud business saw revenues grow 62% in 2023 compared to the previous year with its revenue share in IT Services also increasing from 19% in 2022 to 31% in 2023. Our digital logistics business also expanded its service offerings steadily through Cello Square, increasing coverage to 13 countries and recording 129% year-on-year growth. Moreover, 2023 was the first year for all Samsung SDS services and solutions to be armored with generative AI.

Amid such changes, Samsung SDS is practicing a strategy to embed ESG values in the business under the vision 'IT's the Key to Sustainable Growth' to ensure all of the company's business activities contribute to the sustainable growth of our customers and stakeholders.

Taking into account that climate change is an urgent issue threatening the sustainability of our society, we are upgrading management of carbon emissions generated from our products and services. We built a real-time monitoring system to offer customers visibility on the carbon emissions related to our cloud and logistics services and are pursuing investments in high-efficiency equipment and adoption of new technologies such as immersion cooling to realize energy efficiency innovations at datacenters. We also plan to actively assist our customers in addressing ESG matters by leveraging IT technology to discover emissionreducing factors and securing supply chain ESG management functions.